Dongzi Dongzi
Dongzi, are you alright?
Dongzi, don't run
Brother Dong came back to save us
Hold on, Dongzi
He didn't do it because of me and neither will you
And none of your brothers are me
Incapable of protecting you
Dongzi, I just want to sleep now
Dongzi, don't be hot, Dongzi Dongzi, wake up
Who the hell are you?
Baby, you finally thought of me
You are magic
Chen Xiaodao's voice tricked me out
Yeah, you're such a smart beauty.
My name is jem
Nicknamed Demoji, this beautiful woman Mina
Man-eating snake
We arrested you to lure out Huaxia Qinglong
Blue Dragon's head is worth 2 billion
Chen Xiaodao is my man
This is related to the facial features of Director Xiang Lian, you treat him as